---
title: NLP Practitioner Certificate
seo_title: "NLP Practitioner Certificate"
seo_description: "Transform your communication, relationships and self-mastery.  Learn Neuro Linguistic Programming for personal and professional success."
seo_keywords: "nlp, nlp training, training nlp, hypnosis nlp, nlp practitioner, nlp neuro linguistic programming"

---

.main-content

	h1 Neuro-Linguistic Programming NLP Practitioner Certificate

	h2 Transform Yourself And Your Possibilities

	p "The course has done so much more for me than I could ever have imagined.  My confidence is higher than anytime in my life.  Thank you for helping guide me though my transformation."

	p -- Andrew P.

	h2 Enhance Communication & Relationships

	p "I feel energized and can go forward in my life with more confidence, feeling more comfortable in social situations."

	p -- Deb C.

	h2 For Personal & Professional Success

	p "My goal is to help coach other people to their ultimate wellness.  I had the opportunity to practice the techniques using my own goals and challenges and feel very confident in my abilities to transform others in the future."

	p -- J.B.

	 
	p Learn skills to enhance communication, relationships and self-mastery for personal and professional success.

	p Benefits anyone working with people including Managers, Sales, Law Enforcement, Counsellors, Health Care.

	h2 With The NLP Neuro Linguistic Programming Practitioner Training You Will Learn:

	h3 Communication Skills
	ul
		li Learn to communicate with people in a powerful way by using verbal and non-verbal language. 
		li Build rapport & create instant connection with people 
		li Create powerful metaphors
	 	li Hone your non-verbal communication 
		li Creatively utilize whatever is happening around you to influence the situation
		li Learn the secrets of master communicators
	
	h3 Sensory Acuity
	ul
		li Expand sensory awareness 
		li Read body language
		li Eye accessing cues

	h3 How To Understand Yourself & Others
	p Learn how people represent internal reality, and how to use this to help maximize resourcefulness, communicate effectively and reach goals: 
	ul 
		li Sensory based representation
		li Spatial representation 
		li Past/Present/Future representations
		li Read people
		li Recognize behaviour patterns in yourself and others, and learn how to change them
	
	h3 Behavioural Strategies
	ul
		li Discover how people make decisions 
		li Motivation strategies 
		li Love & relationship strategies 
		li Modeling For Success
	
	h3 Work Profiles
	p Learn to develop the state of mind and behaviour to maximize effectiveness in different work situations:
	 ul
		li Management 
		li Team 
		li Individual

	h3 Accessing Resourceful States
	ul
		li Learn how to use anchors to increase resourcefulness in yourself and others
		li Be your best self, even in tough situations
		li Eliminate bad moods
		li Break out of unwanted emotional states and choose positive emotional states
		li Remove the emotional charge from unpleasant memories
		li Boost your self-esteem
		li Learn the secrets of how to get in the “zone”, a state used by professional athletes and top performers in all fields
		li Get over fears
		li Let go of bad relationships and heal your heart
	
	h3 Building Agreement
	ul
		li Ways to resolve and defuse conflict
		li Negotiation skills
		li Dovetailing outcomes for win-win
		li Reframing 
		li Uncovering & addressing hidden agendas 
		li Values Alignment
	
	h3 Achieving Goals
	ul
		li Learn how to define a goal effectively and reverse engineer the actions & attitudes needed to reach the goal
		li Speed learning



	 